NAME: "Necrolith",
NAMES: "Necroliths",
POSSESSIVE: "Necrolithian",
DESC: 
"The Necroliths were originaly a race of undead warriors, raised by the dark god Aminion during the War of the Gods. They are resilient, relentless, and possess a hunger for flesh. While their strength and skills are limited, their unwavering morale and rapidly growing numbers make them a formidable force. However, no immigration might make for a challanging start though.
",
DESC_LONG:
"Forged in the fires of chaos by the malevolent god Aminion during the first War of the Gods, the Necroliths are the most vile race of undead warriors. 
%r%%r%
In the aftermath of Aminion's imprisonment, the Necroliths fell into a state of dormancy, their numbers dwindling as they retreated into the shadows. However, with the promise of Aminion's return, they have begun to stir once more. Modern Necroliths, though not as potent as their predecessors, remain a formidable threat to all living races.
%r%%r%
Despite lacking physical prowess and refined skills, their unyielding morale and ability to grow their numbers rapidly make them a devastating force. Their rapid reproduction and low demands make them invaluable servants, provided their need for flesh is continually met.
",


ARMY_NAMES: [
	"The Manslayers",
	"Dark Queens Banner",
	"Flesheaters",
	"Wrath of Kathi",
	"The Spawns of Shneda",
	"The Horde of Aminion",
	"The Horde of Gnosh",
	"The Conquerors of the Ethen Hills",
	"The Whips of Aminion",
	"The Deadly Brigands",
	"The Destroyers of Mendive",
	"The Original Slashers",
	"The Pain of Men",
	"The Superslayers",
	"The Scourge of the Living",
	"The Nightmare Brigands",
	"The Deathbringers",
	"The Sharpests Claws",
	"The Deadly Killers",
	"The Swift Despatchers",
	"The Super Killers",
	"The Nightmare Creatures",
],

CHALLENGE: "Hard",

PROS: [
	"Fast (necromantic) reproduction",
	"Low demands",
	"Excelent morale",
],

CONS: [
	"Very limited skills across the board",
	"Bad food producers",
	"NO IMMIGRATION",
],